Mox Marble		common	Mono Artifact	156	C	0	Add 1 colorless mana to your mana pool. 
Tapping this artifact can be played as an
interrupt.		Add 1 colorless mana to your mana pool. 
Tapping this artifact can be played as an
interrupt.	planeswalker	MTG		Colorless MoxenREPLACEMECastaway's Plea	G	common	Sorcery	95	G	G	You may search your library for Circle of Protection: Black; or Volcanic Island; show it to opponent, and take it into your hand. Reshuffle your library afterwards.		You may search your library for Circle of Protection: Black; or Volcanic Island; show it to opponent, and take it into your hand. Reshuffle your library afterwards.	planeswalker	MTG		wotc forgot to include CoP: Black and Volcanic Island in LEA and corrected this in LEB
artist used also made cards from the setREPLACEMEShores of Imagination	U	common	Instant	34	U	U	Return Ancestral Recall; or Time Walk; or Timetwister from your graveyard to your hand.		Return Ancestral Recall; or Time Walk; or Timetwister from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	MTG		Cardname references slogan found on booster packs, grabs blue Power 9, white border to match with 2ED
artist used also made cards from the setREPLACEMESaffiyah from Serendib	U	common	Summon Saffiyah	33	U	2U	There is no limit to the number of Flying Men you can have in your deck if Saffiyah is also in it.
Flying
Tap to put one Flying Men from your library into play. If you control twenty or more Flying Men, you win the game.	1/2	There is no limit to the number of Flying Men you can have in your deck if Saffiyah is also in it.
Flying
Tap to put one Flying Men from your library into play. If you control twenty or more Flying Men, you win the game.	planeswalker	MTG		See Flying Men FT
artist used also made cards from the setREPLACEMEWall of Spears		common	Artifact Creature	160	C	3	First strike, counts as a wall.
Even the most conservative generals revised their tactics after the Battle of Sarinth, during which a handful of peasant-pikemen held off a trio of rampaging Craw Wurms.	2/3		normal	MTG		Reprinted from the set itself; ATQ first set with art variants (e.g. Wasteland, Tron lands)
artist used also made cards from the setREPLACEMETwister	UG	common	Instant	39	UG	XUU	Return target creature to owner’s hand; enchantments on target creature are discarded. Owner suffers X damage.			normal	MTG		Revised Blue Hurricane, in reverseREPLACEMEGeneral Chanek Valteroth	BR	common	Summon Legend	120	BR	3BR	Rampage: 3
If Valteroth or another of your creatures damage opponent, opponent gets a poison counter. If opponent ever has ten or more poison counters, opponent loses the game.
His army moves like a colony of carrion ants, vicious in their purpose.	3/3		normal	MTG		Legends + gold, name dropped in Carrion Ants FT, RKF art
Rampage + poisonREPLACEMEDark Moon	B	common	Enchantment	44	B	2B	All non-basic lands are now basic swamps.
The Brother’s War was ended, and so the Dark began.			normal	MTG		Colorshifted Blood Moon. Referencing the aftermath of the Sylex blast.REPLACEMEHomarid Scout	U	common	Summon Homarid	23	U	3U	Put a tide counter on Homarid Scout when it is brought into play and during your upkeep. If there are three or more tide counters on Homarid Scout, ignore effects that prevent Homarids from untapping.
U: Homarid Scout may not be the target of spells or effects until end of turn and does not untap as normal during your next untap phase. Tap Homarid Scout.	2/4		normal	MTG		Homarids!REPLACEMESamite Apothecary	W	common	Summon Cleric	15	W	2W	Attacking does not cause Samite Apothecary to tap.
W, T: Give target player 1 life.
“A healer is worth their measure not only by their garden’s sprawl, but also by their faith in our cause.”
—The Book of Atalya	2/3		normal	MTG		showcases 4ED white mana symbol in text, plus introduction of the (old) new tap symbolREPLACEMEBitter Winter	W	common	Enchantment	8	W	1WW	Cumulative Upkeep: 2
Draw a card at the beginning of the upkeep of the turn after Bitter Winter comes into play.
All creatures do not untap during their controller’s untap step.
2W: Untap target creature and it gets +1/+0 for each snow-covered land in play until end of turn.			normal	MTG		Cumulative upkeep, delayed cantrip, snowREPLACEMEUlgrothan Hellkite	B	common	Summon Dragon	61	B	5BB	Flying
Counts as a vampire
BB: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.	5/5		normal	MTG		HML can be cool for a change. Serrated Arrows nod in the FTREPLACEMEForce of Crow	U	common	Instant	22	U	2U	You may pay 1 life and remove a blue card in your hand from the game instead of paying Force of Crow’s casting cost. Effects that prevent or redirect damage cannot be used to counter this loss of life.
Target creature becomes a 1/2 blue Bird with flying and no other abilities until end of turn.			normal	MTG		Force of CrowREPLACEMEGrogle	G	common	Summon Grogle	101	G	G	Forestwalk (If defending player controls any forests, this creature is unblockable.)
Gains +2/+2 and protection from blue as long as you control a Brushwagg.	1/1		normal	MTG		it speaks for itself
introduction of reminder text + teferi shoutREPLACEMEFlame Dimension	R	common	Enchant World	73	R	3RR	All creatures get +2/+0 and must attack each turn if possible.
If a creature being brought into play causes any of its effects to occur, that effect occurs twice. If that effect requires targets, the owner of the creature may choose a different target for the effect’s second occurrence.			normal	MTG		nods to creature ETBs being prevalent in VISREPLACEMEMystic of Nature's Coil	G	common	Summon Mystic	105	G	3G	G: Trample until end of turn
As long as a player controls any local enchantments in play, Mystics cannot be the target of spells or effects.
All Mystics get +1/+1 for each global enchantment in play.	2/2		normal	MTG		5ED rules update introduced global/local enchantments as termsREPLACEMEBazaar Griffin	W	common	Summon Griffin	7	W	3W	Flying (A creature with flying can be intercepted only by other creatures with flying.)	3P/3T		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEDeath's Undoing	B	common	Sorcery	46	B	B	Play only if there are three or more creature cards in your graveyard.
Put the bottom creature card from your graveyard into play.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMESoltari Whisperer	W	common	Summon Monk	18	W	2WW	Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
For each 1 damage Soltari Whisperer deals, gain 1 life.	2/1		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEDys Chamber		common	Artifact	153	C	3	Players must also sacrifice a creature to buyback spells.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEFlight of Farewell	W	common	Instant	10	W	1W	Remove from the game an artifact you control: Remove target creature from the game.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itself
first center aligned artistREPLACEMENorwood Recluse	G	common	Creature — Spider 	106	G	3GG	Norwood Recluse can block creatures with flying.	4P/4T		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEChickensanity	R	rare	Enchant World	69	R	4RR	Creatures with an odd collector number or no collector number count as Eggs. Creatures with an even collector number count as Chickens.
During your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, ask an opponent if the chicken or the egg comes first. Reveal cards from your library until two creature cards are revealed. If the opponent guessed which came first, shuffle those cards and all cards revealed back into your library. Otherwise, put those creature cards into play, then shuffle the other cards back into your library.		Creatures with an odd collector number or no collector number count as Eggs. Creatures with an even collector number count as Chickens.
During your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, ask an opponent if the chicken or the egg comes first. Reveal cards from your library until two creature cards are revealed. If the opponent guessed which came first, shuffle those cards and all cards revealed back into your library. Otherwise, put those creature cards into play, then shuffle the other cards back into your library.	planeswalker	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEUrza's Workshop		rare	Land	165	C		T: Add one colorless mana to your mana pool.
T: Add two colorless mana to your mana pool. This mana may only be used to pay for cycling.
5, T, Sacrifice Urza’s Workshop: Search your library for an artifact card. Reveal that card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your library afterward.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMirri, Defender of the Cause	R	common	Summon Legend	82	R	RR	Mirri, Defender of the Cause counts as a Cat Warrior.
First strike; mountainwalk (If defending player controls a mountain, this creature is unblockable.)
Mirri is unaffected by summoning sickness.	2/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMagical Overhaul	U	rare	Enchantment	26	U	U	Whenever a player plays a spell that changes the color of a permanent or spell, or changes the text of a permanent or spell by replacing one color word or basic land type with another, you draw a card.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEFang Yue, Viper of Hulao	R	rare	Creature — Legend 	72	R	2RR	Horsemanship
When Fang Yue successfully damages your opponent, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card. (Ignore this effect if you don’t have any cards to discard.)	2/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMELlanowar Safekeeper	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf 	104	G	3G	When Llanowar Safekeeper is put into a graveyard from play, return up to two enchantments from your graveyard to your hand.
2, Sacrifice an enchantment: Draw a card.	2/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEPygmy Kezzerdrix	B	common	Creature — Beast 	57	B	B	Swampwalk (This creature is unblockable as long as defending player has a swamp in play.)	1/1		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMERamosian Revivalist	W	rare	Creature — Rebel 	14	W	3W	When Ramosian Revivalist comes into play, shuffle all Rebel cards from your graveyard into your library.
6, T: Search your library for a Rebel card with converted mana cost 5 or less and put that card into play. Then shuffle your library.	3/3		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEParallax Forge	R	rare	Enchant World	83	R	2R	Fading 5
Remove a fade counter from Parallax Forge: Remove target artifact from the game.
When Parallax Forge leaves play, each player returns to play all cards he or she owns removed from the game with Parallax Forge.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMERhystic Megasquirrel	G	uncommon	Creature — Squirrel 	108	G	3G	Whenever Rhystic Megasquirrel attacks or blocks, if any player pays 3, Rhystic Megasquirrel deals no combat damage this turn.	6/6		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEKavu Alpha	RG	rare	Creature — Kavu 	126	RG	2RG	Kicker 2 (You may pay an additional 2 as you cast this spell.)
Trample
If you paid the kicker cost, Kavu Alpha comes into play with three +1/+1 counters on it and has haste. (It may attack and T the turn it comes under your control.)	4/3		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMET O K E N	RG	common	Creature — Hippo 	2	RG	R		1/1		token	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEAzimuth Paladin	B	rare	Creature — Knight 	42	B	2BB	BB, T: Destroy target blue creature.	3/3		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEPenumbra	G	uncommon	Instant	148	UG	G	Return target creature card from your graveyard to play if it was put there from play this turn. That creature becomes black.			split	MTG		Whirlpool	U	Instant	UG	1U	Shuffle any number of cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards.				it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEAnarchist's Gambit	R	rare	Sorcery	66	R	2R	Return up to two target sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand unless target opponent has Anarchist’s Gambit deal 4 damage to him or her.
Flashback 4RR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMorgoroth	B	rare	Creature — Nightmare Horror 	55	B	3BBB	Flying
When Morgoroth comes into play, target opponent removes a creature he or she controls from the game.
When Morgoroth leaves play, return the removed card to play under its owner’s control.
Madness 3B (You may play this card for its madness cost at the time you discard it from your hand.)	3/4		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEPhantom Presence	WG	rare	Enchantment	133	WG	1GW	When Phantom Presence comes into play, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.
Threshold — If damage would be dealt to a creature you control, you may remove a +1/+1 counter on that creature. If you do, prevent that damage. (You have threshold as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEAven Lookouts	W	uncommon	Creature — Bird Soldier 	6	W	5W	Flying, protection from Elves
Morph 4W (You may play this face down as a 2/2 creature for 3. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Aven Lookouts is turned face up, tap target creature an opponent controls.	3/5		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMistform Djinn	U	rare	Creature — Illusion Djinn 	28	U	2UU	Amplify 1 (As this card comes into play, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card that shares a creature type with it you reveal from your hand.)
Flying
Mistform Djinn has the creature types of all other creatures on the battlefield.	2/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEDracomancy	R	rare	Sorcery	71	R	9RRR	Put a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying into play. Dragons you control gain haste until end of turn.
Storm (When you play this spell, copy it for each spell played before it this turn.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	166	C					normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEArsenal Myr		rare	Artifact Creature — Myr 	152	C	4	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs 1  less to play for each artifact you control.)
5, T: Search your library for an Equipment card with converted mana value equal to or less than the number of artifacts you control and put that card into play. Then shuffle your library.	1/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEArcbound Catalyzer		uncommon	Artifact Creature	150	U	3	U, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.
Modular 2 (This comes into play with two +1/+1 counters on it. When it’s put into a graveyard, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)	0/0		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEOpaline Spectacles		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	157	C	3	Sunburst (This comes into play with a charge counter on it for each color of mana used to pay its cost.)
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, scry 2. Then draw a card for each charge counter on Opaline Spectacles.
Equip 5 (5: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEBudoka Pacifist	W	rare	Creature — Human Monk 	9	W	1WW	Defender
When another creature you control is put into a graveyard from play, flip Budoka Pacifist.	0/4		flip	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEHorsing Around	R	common	Instant	76	R	R	Target creature gets +½/+½ and gains first strike until end of turn. If it’s a Horse, Unicorn, Pegasus, Nightmare, or Donkey, it gains double strike instead of first strike until end of turn.		Target creature gets +½/+½ and gains first strike until end of turn. If it’s a Horse, Unicorn, Pegasus, Nightmare, or Donkey, it gains double strike instead of first strike until end of turn.	planeswalker	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEShadow-Ears, Okiba Boss	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Rat Ninja 	59	B	3BB	Ninjutsu 1BB (1BB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Fear
Whenever Shadow-Ears deals combat damage to a player, that player reveals his or her hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that cad.	3/3		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEPlunge Beneath Minamo	U	rare	Instant — Arcane 	31	U	3UU	Sweep — Return any number of Islands you control to their owner’s hand. Draw a card for each Island returned this way.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEBloom of Paradise	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	94	G	G	Enchant creature (Target a creature as you play this. This card comes into play attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +0/+1 and has “T: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.”			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMESvogthos Ooze	BG	uncommon	Creature — Ooze 	146	BG	3B/GB/G	When Svogthos Ooze comes into play, sacrifice a creature. You gain life equal to that creature’s power.
Dredge 2	3/3		normal	MTG		(If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)REPLACEMEGhor-Clan Demolishers	G	rare	Creature — Centaur Warrior 	99	RG	3GG	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
2R: Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMECopy	WU	uncommon	Instant	147	WUG	1WU	Each other creature you control becomes a copy of target nonlegendary creature you control until end of turn.			split	MTG		Paste	WG	Instant	WUG	2GW	Remove target attacking creature from the game. Put a 1/1 green Saproling creature token into play. 				it speaks for itselfREPLACEMESteinar Icefist	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman  	35	U	2UU	Each instant, sorcery, and white enchantment card in your graveyard has recover 1S. (When a creature is put into your graveyard from play, you may pay 1S. If you do, return that card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, remove that card from the game. S can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
1U, T: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	1/4		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMETime Waltz	U	special	Sorcery	167	U	UUUUU	Take an extra turn after this one.
Flashback 4UUUUU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMESpark Ritual	R	common	Instant	93	R	R	Add RRR to your mana pool.			shifted	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEGarruk Wildspeaker	G	rare	Planeswalker — Garruk 	98	G	2GG	Untap two target lands.
Put a 3/3 green Beast creature token into play.
Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.   			planeswalker	MTG	3	it speaks for itselfREPLACEME10E Tips and Tricks Scryfall	R	common		65	C					normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMENever-Where Occlusion	U	common	Tribal Instant — Shapeshifter 	30	U	1U	Changeling (This card is every creature type at all times.)
Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, creatures your opponents control get -2/-0 until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of his or her library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if his or her card had a higher converted mana cost.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEGilt-Leaf Faultless	G	common	Creature — Elf Warrior 	100	G	3G	1G, T: Untap another target Warrior. It gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of Elves you control.
Elf and Warrior cards in your hand have “Reinforce 1—G.” (G, Discard that card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)	2/3		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMECandleburst Cinder	R	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	67	R	2/R2/R	(2/R can be paid with any two mana or with R. This card’s converted mana cost is 4.)
Haste
When Candleburst Cinder comes into play, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the amount of mana spent to pay its mana cost.
XR, Q: Candleburst Cinder gets +X/+0 until end of turn. (Q is the untap symbol.)	0/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEBanshee's Funeral Dirge	WB	rare	Sorcery	145	WB	4W/BW/BW/B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to play with a -1/-1 counter on it. If that creature would leave play, remove it from the game instead of putting it anywhere else.
Retrace (You may play this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEEthersworn Corruptician	WUB	mythic	Atifact Creature — Human Artificer 	117	WUB	1WUB	Deathtouch
You can’t lose the game and your opponents can’t win the game as long as you control an artifact.	2/4		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEWake of the Worldsoul	G	rare	Enchantment	111	G	3G	Domain — At the beginning of your precombat main phase, add X mana of any one color to your mana pool, where X is equal to the number of basic land types among lands you control.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEEye of the Maelstrom	WUBRG	rare	Sorcery	118	WUBRG	WUBRG	Cascade (When you play this spell, remove cards from the top of your library from the game until you remove a nonland card that costs less. You may play it without paying its mana cost. Put the removed cards on the bottom in a random order.)
Destroy target permanent.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMETerms of Lightning	R	rare	Enchantment	88	R	2RRR	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a 3/1 red Elemental creature token onto the battlefield with haste and “At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this creature.”
2R: Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEJukai	R	common	Plane — Kamigawa 	79	R	R	Each player may play two additional lands on each of their turns.			mini plane card	MTG		REPLACEMEOran-Rief Expedition	G	common	Enchantment	107	G	1G	Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Oran-Rief Expedition.
Remove three quest counters from Oran-Rief Expedition and sacrifice it: Return up to two other target permanent cards from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMECosi's Geomancer	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman Ally 	70	R	3R	Whenever Cosi’s Geomancer or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Cosi’s Geomancer.
When Cosi’s Geomancer is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, search your library for a card named Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.	2/1		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEInsurmountable One		rare	Creature — Eldrazi 	1	C	7	Level up 7 (7: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)	7/8		leveler	MTG		it speaks for itself
Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)
Other creatures you control have annihilator 1.
When Ulamog’s Eradicator enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target player’s graveyard.
If a card would be put into an opponent’s graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.REPLACEMEYou Are Beneath Contempt	R	common	Ongoing Scheme	92	R	R	(An ongoing scheme remains face up until it’s abandoned.)
Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are six or more creature cards among cards in your opponents’ graveyards, abandon this scheme. Then you draw three cards and each opponent loses 3 life.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEHornet Titan	G	mythic	Creature — Insect 	102	G	4GG	Flying
Whenever Hornet Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, it deals 1 damage to target creature or player. Scry 1. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	6/6		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEAngelic Replica		rare	Artifact Creature — Angel 	149	W	5	Flying
Metalcraft — Angelic Replica is indestructible as long as you control three or more artifacts.
1WW: Angelic Replica gains lifelink until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMESepsis Vessel		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	158	C	2	Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, put a 0/0 black Germ creature token onto the battlefield, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has infect and “Whenever this creature attacks, proliferate.”
Equip 2			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMESurgical Submission	U	rare	Sorcery	36	U	7H/UH/U	(H/U can be paid with either U or 2 life.)
Gain control of target artifact, creature, or planeswalker. Its owner puts the top ten cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMimeo-Blast-'Em	UBG	rare	Sorcery	130	UBG	XGUBB	Destroy up to X target creatures. Put twice X +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature. Each of those creature’s controllers puts the top thrice X cards of his or her library into his or her graveyard.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMETurntimber Baloth	G	rare	Creature — Beast 	109	G	4GGG	Bloodthirst 5 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.)
As long as it’s your turn, Turntimber Baloth has hexproof. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
When Turntimber Baloth dies, search your library for a creature card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.	5/5		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEKessig Animist	G	mythic	Creaturre — Human Druid Werewolf	103	G	2GG	Play with the top card of your library revealed.
G, T: You may put a creature card from your hand or the top of your library onto the battlefield.
At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Kessig Animist.	2/2		double faced	MTG		Kessig Packleader	G	Creature — Werewolf 	G		Play with the top card of your library revealed.
Whenever Kessig Packleader attacks, you may put a creature card from your hand or the top of your library onto the battlefield.
At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Kessig Packleader.	5/5			it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEDeathless Horde	B	rare	Creature — Zombie 	45	B	4BB	Trample
Deathless Horde can’t block.
Whenever another Zombie enters the battlefield under your control, you may remove all counters from target permanent.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)	5/5		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEShatter the Helvault	WB	rare	Sorcery	139	WB	1WB	Destroy target artifact. If you do, each player returns a creature card from his or her graveyard onto the battlefield under his or her control.
Miracle WB (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it’s the first card you drew this turn.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEWorldwake	R	common	Phenomenon	91	R	R	When you encounter Worldwake, put it onto the battlefield. It becomes a 0/0 green Elemental creature with “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands on the battlefield”, “When this creature leaves the battlefield, shuffle it into your planar deck”, and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, trigger A.”			mini plane card	MTG		REPLACEMEAran, Sigiled Avenger	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	4	W	3W	First strike
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Angel spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.	2/4		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEIzzet Pest Control	UR	uncommon	Instant	125	UR	RU	Choose target creature an opponent controls. Return each creature chosen this way to its owner’s hand. If a Rat or Saproling is chosen this way, Izzet Pest Control deals 5 damage to it instead.
Overload 3UR (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEAd Hominem	B	rare	Sorcery	40	B	2BB	Reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its converted mana cost. You may repeat this process up to X times, where X is the amount of life your opponents lost this turn.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEGóraszjek, Gate-Waker	UBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Nephilim 	121	UBRG	UBRG	Whenever a Gate enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent sacrifices a creature.
Tap five untapped Gates you control: Draw three cards. If five Gates with different names were tapped this way, Góraszjek, Gate-Waker gets +5/+0 until end of turn.	3/8		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEBloodbraid Elf	RG	uncommon	Creature — Elf Berserker 	114	RG	2GR	Haste
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)	3/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEVitalspine Sliver	B	uncommon	Creature — Sliver 	62	B	2BB	Sliver creatures you control have “T: This creature gains indestructible until end of turn.” (Effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy it, and it can’t be destroyed by damage.)	2/3		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMENyxborn Pegasus	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Pegasus 	12	W	1WW	Bestow 4WW (If you cast this for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached to a creature.)
Flying
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying.
Whenever Nyxborn Pegasus or enchanted creature attacks, another target attacking creature gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEThassa's Deluge	U	uncommon	Sorcery	38	U	5U	Put target creature into its owner’s library just beneath the top X cards of that library, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMindrazer's Machinations	UBR	rare	Enchantment	131	UBR	UBR	Whenever one or more creatures deal combat damage to an opponent, each player other than that opponent draws a card.
At the beginning of your end step, Mindrazer’s Machinations deals damage to target creature you don’t control equal to the number of times you’ve cast your commander from the command zone this game.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEThe Scholar	R	common		85	R	R				normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEMarchesa's Intel	R	uncommon	Conspiracy	80	R	R	Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever a creature with the chosen name deals combat damage to an opponent, that player discards a card and you draw a card.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEHunt	B	rare	Sorcery	52	B	1BB	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.		Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.	planeswalker	MTG		Add Designed by Secret SantaREPLACEMEMardu Desolator	R	mythic	Creature — Orc Warrior 	81	WBR	3R	Haste
Whenever Mardu Desolator attacks, it deals 1 damage to any target. If it was turned face up this turn, instead it deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.
Morph 2RWB (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for 3. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	3/3		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEUgin's Resurgence		rare	Sorcery	2	C	7	Exile target permanent. Manifest the top three cards of your library. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)			normal	MTG		REPLACEMENahiri's Stoneforger	W	rare	Creature — Kor Artificer 	11	W	2WW	Lieutenant — Whenever an Equipment enters the battlefield under your control, choose one. If you control your commander, choose both.
• Put two +1/+1 counters on Nahiri’s Stoneforger. You gain 2 life.
• Draw a card.	2/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMESkywise Regent	WU	mythic	Creature — Dragon 	140	WU	4WU	Flying, vigilance
Whenever Skywise Regent or another Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, draw two cards.	5/5		normal	MTG		REPLACEMESplinter Twin	R	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	86	R	2RR	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has “T: Put a token that’s a copy of this creature onto the battlefield. That token has haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.”			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEHumming Mage-Rings		uncommon	Artifact	155	C	3	T: Draw a card, then discard a card unless there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMETeeth of Akoum	R	common	Sorcery	87	R	1R	Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.
Awaken 4—3RR (If you cast this spell for 3RR, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It’s still a land.)			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEÆther Kraken	U	rare	Creature — Kraken 	20	U	4UU	Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may put a token that’s a copy of this creature onto the battlefield tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. If one or more tokens are created this way, exile the tokens at end of combat.)
Whenever Æther Kraken deals combat damage to a player, return target nonland permanent that player controls to its owner’s hand.	5/5		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEGeomatrix		mythic	Legendary Land	74	R	R	When Geomatrix enters the battlefield, if it’s not a token, each of your teammates puts a tapped token onto the battlefield that’s a copy of Geomatrix.
T: Add C. If Geomatrix is a token, add CC instead.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMELaboratory Mischief	U	rare	Enchantment	25	U	1U	At the beginning of your upkeep, put the top card of your library into your graveyard, then investigate. (Put a colorless Clue artifact token onto the battlefield with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.)
3UU, Exile a creature card from your graveyard, Sacrifice Laboratory Mischief: Put a 6/6 blue Zombie Giant creature token onto the battlefield with “Whenever this creature attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw a card.”			normal	MTG		REPLACEMESewers of Estark	B	common	Instant	58	B	2BB	Choose target creature. If it’s attacking, it can’t be blocked this turn. If it’s blocking, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this combat by it and each creature it’s blocking.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEFace the End	B	uncommon	Instant	47	B	B	Escalate—Pay 2 life. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more —
• Exile target card from a graveyard.
• Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Its controller puts a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token onto the battlefield.
• Target player searches his or her library for a card that’s part of a meld pair, reveals it, puts it into his or her hand, then shuffles his or her library.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMESydri's Protege	U	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	37	U	3U	Reveal Sydri’s Protege as you draft it and note how many cards you’ve drafted this draft round, including Sydri’s Protege.
When Sydri’s Protege enters the battlefield, look at the top X cards of your library, where X is equal to the highest number you noted for cards named Sydri’s Protege. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEGhirapur Filly-Gree		mythic	Artifact — Vehicle 	154	C	2	Trample
Whenever Ghirapur Filly-Gree enters the battlefield or attacks, you get EE.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEZiba, First of the Dromoka	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	144	WG	1GW	First strike
If one or more +1/+1 counters would be placed on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are placed on it instead.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/3		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEThopter Rebellion	R	rare	Enchantment	89	R	3R	Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.)
Artifact creatures you control get +1/+0.
Revolt — At the beginning of your end step, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMERarer Snapcaster Mage	U	mythic	Creature — Human Wizard 	32	U	1U	Flash
When Rarer Snapcaster Mage enters the battlefield, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it. And have you heard about what happened to Mortician Beetle? Shame.)	2/1		normal	MTG		REPLACEME&%!ZEAL OF HAZORET!+(	R	common	(?%!LEGENDARY eNCHANTMENT!(/	64	R	2RR	Whenever a reflexive triggered ability you control triggers, copy that ability. if you control a cartouche, instead copy that ability twice. you may choose new targets for the copies.
CYCLING 2			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEHour of Torment	R	common		77	R					normal	MTG		REPLACEMENothing	B	rare	Sorcery	56	UB	3BB	Destroy all creatures.			aftermath	MTG		REPLACEMEHadrus, Conflux Tyrant	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	75	WUBRG	3RR	Flying
Multicolored creatures you control have haste.
2WUBRG: Return target multicolored permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Draw a card for each of its colors.	4/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEBrazen Coalition	UBR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	115	UBR	1UBR	When Brazen Coalition enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 black Pirate creature tokens with menace. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn.
Raid — At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked with a creature this turn, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.” Then if you control five or more Treasures, transform Brazen Coalition.			transform double faced	MTG		High and Dry, Floating City		Legendary Land	UBR		Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
T: Add U, B, or R to your mana pool.
3, T: Create a 2/2 black Pirate creature token with menace. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.				REPLACEMEIconic Tutor	B	rare	Sorcery	53	B	B	Search your library for an Angel, Sphinx, Demon, Dragon, Hydra, or a card named Black Lotus, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEWhatchamacallit Wharf		mythic	Artifact — Contraption 	161	C		Whenever you crank Whatchamacallit Wharf, search your library for a permanent card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. That permanent becomes an artifact in addition to its other types.		Whenever you crank Whatchamacallit Wharf, search your library for a permanent card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. That permanent becomes an artifact in addition to its other types.	planeswalker	MTG		REPLACEMESwordtooth Sovereign	WRG	rare	Creature — Dinosaur 	141	WRG	3RGW	Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.)
Trample
Whenever Swordtooth Sovereign attacks, if you have the city’s blessing, create a 6/6 green Dinosaur creature token named Colossal Dreadmaw. It has trample and is tapped and attacking.	6/6		normal	MTG		REPLACEMESerra Angel	W	common	Creature — Angel 	17	W	3WW	Flying, vigilance	4/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEThe Father of Machines Ascends	B	mythic	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	48	B	3BB			
All creatures get -5/-5 until end of turn.
Search your library for a historic card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)
Target opponent exiles a card from their hand and loses 5 life.	saga	MTG		REPLACEMETwish, Rageborn	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Azra Warrior 	90	R	4R	Assist (Another player can pay up to 4 of this spell’s cost.)
Partner with Strima, Valorborn (When this creature enters, target player may put Strima into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Whenever Twish, Rageborn attacks, support 2. Until end of turn, whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of your library. You may play those cards this turn. (To support 2, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)	4/3		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEVivien's Shot	G	rare	Instant	110	G	G	Choose one —
• Vivien’s Shot deals 10 damage to target creature with flying if it has exactly one creature type.
• Vivien’s Shot deals 10 damage to target planeswalker.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMESarkhan of Tarkir	BRG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Sarkhan 	138	BRG	1BRG			[+1]: Put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard. You may return a creature and/or land card from your graveyard to your hand.
[-2]: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. If you control eight or more lands, create two of those tokens instead.
[-9]: Sarkhan of Tarkir deals damage to each creature you don’t control equal to the number of lands you control.
Sarkhan of Tarkir can be your commander.	planeswalker	MTG	5	REPLACEMEOrdruun Helicaster	WR	rare	Creature — Minotaur Shaman 	132	WR	3RW	Vigilance
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
At the beginning of your end step, if a creature you control was mentored this turn, Ordruun Helicaster deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	4/5		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEYawgmoth's Will	B	mythic	Sorcery	63	B	2B	Until end of turn, you may play cards from your graveyard.
If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile that card instead.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEAzor, Parun of the Senate	WU	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Azor 	113	WU	WWUU			[+1]: You gain 1 life and draw a card.
[-2]: Put an arrest counter on up to one target nonland permanent. That permanent can’t attack or block and its activated abilities can’t be activated.
[-7]: Create two 4/4 white and blue Sphinx creature token with flying and vigilance.	planeswalker	MTG	5	REPLACEMEDack Fayden Fucking Dies	B	uncommon	Instant	43	B	B	Destroy target planeswalker. Search its opponent’s graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same planeswalker type and exile them.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEArchangel's Charm	W	rare	Instant	5	W	WWW	Choose one —
• Return up to two target creature cards with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
• Target player gains 10 life.
• Exile target artifact or enchantment.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEMirage Drake	U	uncommon	Creature — Drake 	27	WUR	2U	Flying
URW: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control with flying. It gains haste. Exile it at end of combat. Activate only any time you could cast a sorcery.	2/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMESanguine Lineage	R	uncommon	Sorcery	84	R	3R	Create a 2/1 red Vampire creature token with menace. Populate. (Create a token that’s a copy of a creature token you control.)
Madness 2R (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)
Flashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MTG		REPLACEMESyr Ildred, the Perserverant	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elf Knight 	60	B	BB	First strike
3BB: Return Syr Ildred from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. You draw a card and you lose 1 life.	2/2		adventure	MTG		Win the Tourney	B	Sorcery — Adventure 	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a creature. Create a Food token.				REPLACEMEPhlage, Titan of Burning Wind	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Giant 	134	UR	1UR	When Phlage enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless it escaped.
Whenever Phlage, Titan of Burning Wind enters the battlefield or attacks, exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard and the top card of your library. You may play those cards until end of turn. Then add RRR. Spend this mana only to cast cards from exile.
Escape—UURR, Exile four other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	6/6		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEHumongous Croctorilla	UG	rare	Creature — Crocodille Ape Octopus 	124	UG	5GU	Mutate 3GU
Reach
Whenever this creature mutates, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control. If you control your companion, draw cards equal to the amount of excess damage this creature dealt this way.	8/8		normal	MTG		REPLACEMESavai Storkliger	W	mythic	Creature — Cat Beast 	16	W	2WW	Flying
Whenever you cycle a card, put your choice of a first strike, lifelink, or vigilance counter on Savai Storkliger. If it has all three of those counters, you may put an indestructible counter on it instead.
As long as a creature you control has a keyword counter on it, other creatures you control have that keyword.	4/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMESanctum of Timeless Friends	WU	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	137	WU	2WU	At the beginning of your precombat main phase, you may mill X cards, where X is the number of Shrines you control. If you do, create a 1/1 white and blue Dog creature token with flying for each creature card milled this way.
5WU: Target nonland permanent you don’t control phases out. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each Shrine you control. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEAJANI	W	common		3	W	W				normal	MTG		REPLACEMEInscription of Violence	R	rare	Instant	78	R	1RR	Kicker 1R (You may pay an additional 1R as you cast this spell.)
Choose one. If this spell was kicked, choose any number instead.
• Inscription of Violence deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets.
• Target player may search their library for a Warrior card, reveal it, and put it into their hand. Then that player shuffles their library.
• Destroy target nonbasic land.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEGorghul, Destined to Bone	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Skeleton Wizard 	50	B	2BB	Other Skeletons you control get +1/+1.
You may discard a card rather than pay the cost of an activated ability of a Skeleton you control.
At the beginning of your end step, return target Skeleton card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	4/1		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEGaldir, God of Obsoletion	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — God 	119	WBR	2BR	Menace
When Galdir, God of Obsoletion enters the battlefield, if you cast it, choose a number between 0 and 3. Destroy all artifacts and creatures with mana value equal to the chosen number.	3/2		transform double faced	MTG		Forimor, the Skullseat	W	Legendary Artifact	WBR	1W	When Forimor, the Skullseat enters the battlefield, exile up to one target artifact or creature until Forimor, the Skullseat leaves the battlefield.
1W, T: Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.				REPLACEMEAncestral Recall	U	mythic	Instant	21	U	U	Target player draws three cards.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEHall of Semantics		rare	Land	163	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Hall of Semantics: The next spell you cast this turn has demonstrate. (When you cast that spell, you may copy it. If you do, choose an opponent to also copy it. A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token.)			normal	MTG		REPLACEMEGrief and Fury	BR	mythic	Creature — Elemental Incarnation 	122	BR	1BBBRRR	Menace, double strike
When Grief and Fury enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. Then Grief and Fury deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures and/or planeswalkers.
Evoke—Exile a red card and a black card from your hand.	3/5		normal	MTG		REPLACEMERosfar, Ire of Kessig	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Wolf 	136	RG	3RG	Wolves and Werewolves you control have trample.
If it’s neither day or night, it becomes day as Rosfar, Ire of Kessig enters the battlefield.
Whenever Rosfar, Ire of Kessig enters the battlefield or attacks or deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker or day becomes night or night becomes day, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.	3/3		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEVoldaren Veinchanter	BR	rare	Creature — Vampire Warlock 	142	BR	2BR	Cleave 5BR (You may cast this spell for its cleave cost. If you do, remove the words in square brackets.)
When Voldaren Veinchanter enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature [until end of turn]. Untap it. It gains haste. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player this turn, create that many Blood tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEHound Unit Shinobi	UB	mythic	Artifact Creature — Ninja Construct 	123	UB	2UB	Reconfigurable ninjutsu UB
Whenever Hound Unit Shinobi or equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you draw a card and each player discards a card.	3/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMELady Foxglove	WRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf Druid 	127	WRG	1RGW	Vigilance, deathtouch
T: Copy target activated or triggered ability you control from a creature source. You may choose new targets for the copy. When the copied ability causes you to create a token, draw a card. (Mana abilities can’t be targeted.)	2/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMECazarus Zol, Plague Prince	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Vampire 	116	UB	1UB	Flying, vigilance
Whenever you cast a kicked spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Cazarus Zol, Plague Prince. Then each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Whenever Cazarus Zol deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMERock-n-Rabbits	UR	uncommon	Creature — Rabbit Performer 	135	UR	2UR	Menace
When Rock-n-Rabbits enters the battlefield, open an Attraction.
Treat odd numbers on Attractions you control as though they were lit up.	3/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEArgivian Overseer		rare	Artifact Creature — Golem 	151	W	5	Double strike
Other artifact creatures you control enter the battlefield with an additional number of +1/+1 counters on them equal to Argivian Overseer’s power.	2/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEBanana	W	common	Artifact	1	WRG	W	T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add R or G. You gain 2 life.”			token	MTG		REPLACEMEKraynox, the Deep Thane	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Phyrexian Horror 	54	B	4BB	Lifelink
At the beginning of each end step, each opponent who sacrificed a creature this turn sacrifices a creature.
At the beginning of each end step, each opponent who discarded a card this turn discards a card.	6/6		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEInvasion of Iquatana	U	rare	Battle — Siege 	24	U	3U	(As a Siege enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, exile it, then cast it transformed.)
When Invasion of Iquatana enters the battlefield, mill four cards, then put up to two cards milled this way to your hand.			transform double faced	MTG	4	Aethershaper	U	Creature — Illusion 	U		Flying
Whenever a card is put into your graveyard from your library, put a +1/+1 counter on Aethershaper.	2/2			REPLACEMEMu Yanling, Rainweaver	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	29	U	1UU	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying. If that land is an Island, draw a card.	2/3		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEOpalescence	W	mythic	Enchantment	13	W	2WW	Each other non-Aura enchantment is a creature in addition to its other types and has base power and base toughness each equal to its mana value.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMETeonaxi, Mycoid Grotto		rare	Legendary Land — Swamp Forest Cave 	164	BG		Teonaxi, Mycoid Grotto enters the battlefield tapped.
At the beginning of your end step, if you descended this turn, put a spore counter on Teonaxi, Mycoid Grotto.
Descend 4 — T, Remove a spore counter from Teonaxi, Mycoid Grotto: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token. Activate only if there are four or more permanent cards in your graveyard.
Descend 8 — T, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card. Activate only if there are eight or more permanent cards in your graveyard.
Fathomless descent — 2BG, Discard Teonaxi, Mycoid Grotto: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of permanent cards in your graveyard.			normal	MTG		REPLACEMELady Wren of Keyhole Downs	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Detective 	128	WU	1WU	T, Collect evidence 3: Cloak the top card of your library. Activate only as a sorcery.
1WU, T: Return target creature card from among the evidence you’ve collected this game to the battlefield. Put a flying counter on that creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEYOUNG THUNDER,	WBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Horse 	143	WBR	1RWB	Whenever you commit a crime, put a +1/+1 counter on Young Thunder, the Steed. It gains vigilance and trample until end of turn. This ability triggers only once each turn.
Whenever Young Thunder attacks while saddled, return target instant, sorcery, or outlaw card from your graveyard to your hand.
Saddle 2	4/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEDevastator Umbra		rare	Kindred Enchantment — Eldrazi Aura 	96	G	2C/GC/G	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4 and has “Whenever this creature attacks, you get EEEE (four energy counters). Then you may pay eight E. If you do, create an Eldrazi Devastator token (It’s a 8 8/9 Eldrazi creature with trample).”
Umbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)			normal	MTG		REPLACEMELily of Valley	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mouse Soldier   	129	WR	2RW	Vigilance, trample, haste
Lily of Valley gets +1/+1 for each other Mouse you control.
Valiant — Whenever Lily of Valley becomes the target of a spell or ability you control for the first time each turn, create a token that’s a copy of another target Mouse you control, except it’s 1/1.	2/2		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEFear of Low-Budget Slashers	B	rare	Enchantment Creature — Horror 	49	B	X2BB	Impending 2—1BB
When Fear of Low-Budget Slashers enters, if it’s a creature, manifest dread X times.
Whenever you remove a time counter from Fear of Low-Budget Slashers, manifest dread.	4/4		normal	MTG		REPLACEMEArchfiend of Surrender	B	mythic	Creature — Demon 	41	B	2BBB	Flying
When this creature enters, each opponent sacrifices a creature of their choice.
Morbid — At the beginning of your end step, if a creature died this turn, draw a card.	5/5	Flying
When this creature enters, each opponent sacrifices a creature of their choice.
Morbid — At the beginning of your end step, if a creature died this turn, draw a card.	planeswalker	MTG		REPLACEMEUrza's Archive		common	Artifact	159	C	6	Remove Urza’s Archive from your deck before playing if not playing for ante.
T: Draw a card. Put your contribution to the ante into your graveyard and replace it with a Wall you own and control from the Antiquities expansion.			normal	MTG		showcases 4ED white mana symbol in text, plus introduction of the (old) new tap symbolREPLACEMEDevozione	W	common	Istantaneo	162	W	2W	Le creature bloccanti prendono +0/+3 fino alla fine del turno.			normal	MTG		just like German Drudge Skeletons as a Swamp, Piety as a Plains with War Elephant ftREPLACEMEErhnam-Dschinn	G	common	Beschwörung von Dschinn	97	G	3G	Zu Beginn deines Versorgungssegments erhält eine Nicht-Mauer-Kreatur deiner Wahl, die ein Gegner kontrolliert, bis zu deinem nächsten Zug Waldtarnung. Ignoriere diesen Effekt falls es keine mögliche Wahl gibt.
Ein Jinn aus der Lampe, der seinem Meister auf Abruf zur Verfügung steht.	4/5		normal	MTG		showcases 4ED white mana symbol in text, plus introduction of the (old) new tap symbolREPLACEMESubdue Artifact	W	uncommon	Enchantment	19	W	W	When Subdue Artifact comes into play, name an artifact card.
Players can’t play or use the abilities of the named artifact card.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEChargoyf	R	rare	Creature — Lhurgoyf 	68	R	3RR	
Trample
Chargoyf’s power is equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in all graveyards and its toughness is equal to that number plus 1.
	*/1+*		normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEHand of Death	B	rare	Sorcery	51	B	2B	Destroy target nonblack creature.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itselfREPLACEMEWho's The Beatdown?	G	uncommon	Instant	112	G	1G	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. If you’re the beatdown, draw a card.			normal	MTG		it speaks for itself
https://mtg.fandom.com/wiki/BeatdownREPLACEME